# **This work is currently under review in Machine Learning and Applications as of August 31 2023. Please cite the paper as follows:**

B. Ho, T. Mayberry, K.L. Nguyen, M. Dhulipala, V.K. Pallipuram (2023). ChatReview: A ChatGPT-enabled natural language processing framework to study
domain-specific user reviews, University of the Pacific.

# Chat Review Analyzer

This Python script analyzes reviews, visualizes emotional content using NLP (Natural Language Processing) techniques, and generates recommendations using ChatGPT API.

## Prerequisites

Before running the script, ensure you have Python installed on your system. You will also need to install the required packages listed in requirements.txt. You can install these packages using the following command:

Copy and run code in your terminal inside src folder:

<code>pip3 install -r requirements.txt </code>

## Configuration

To use this script, you will need to modify the following configurations based on your needs:

- File Paths: Update the paths for input and output files within the script.
- Output File Names: Customize the names of the output files generated by the script.
- TARGET_EMOTIONS: Adjust this variable to focus on specific emotions relevant to your analysis.

Specifically, modify the following fields (at the top of the script):
```python
openai.api_key = ""
REVIEWS_FILE_PATH = '../data/Hospitality_Data/HospitalityReviews.txt'
CATEGORIES_QUESTIONS_FILEPATH = '../data/Hospitality_Data/hospitallity_explicit.csv'
# Education: ["negative", "anger", "sadness"]
# Restaurant: ["negative", "anger", "disgust"]
# Hospitality: ["negative", "anger", "fear", "disgust"]
TARGET_EMOTIONS = ["negative", "anger", "fear", "disgust"]
WORD_CLOUD_PNG ="../OUTPUT/wordcloud_hospitality.png"
OUTPUT_FILEPATH = "../OUTPUT/output_hospitality.txt"
```



# OpenAI API Key

The script uses OpenAI's API for some of its functionality. You will need to obtain your own OpenAI API key. To do this, follow these steps:

- Create an account on the OpenAI website.
- Navigate to the API section and follow the instructions to generate an API key.
- Replace the existing API key in the script with your key.
Note: Keep your API key confidential to prevent unauthorized usage.

# Usage

Run the script using the following command:

Copy code
<code>python3 ChatReview.py</code>

Ensure that you have set up all the necessary configurations and have your OpenAI API key in place before executing the script.
